hello guys welcome to simulator heaven
can anyone guess what they're looking at
right now hmm I've got an interesting
new game for you it's not actually a
game yet it's kind of a bit like a tech
demo there's a company I believe this is
the name with a company called beam ng
who used to make or they still make or
there behind League of rods and they're
making a new engine and they're going to
make a game which is called drive so as
soon as I found out about this and as
soon as I played a bit of this I thought
I have to show you guys because is it
has got a lot of potential let's put
this way now why are you looking at
destroyed vehicle ok I'm going to reset
the vehicle and then you'll see why ok
now it's impossible for you to save this
Honda Civic I keep trying but you can't
this is a scenario called cliff which is
a cliff this is just really to show off
the major feature of this engine in this
game which is what they call soft body
physics so as you can see or is it going
to stop is it going to stop nope still
going now as you can see what this
driving for is to have the most
realistic physics when it comes to cars
and how they crash I don't think I've
ever seen in a game a part of obviously
wiggle rods because they made it as well
i think i've ever seen again that has
this and this amount of kind of
realistic soft
damage let's see that again and I'm
going to try and save it but every time
you can't say that see I'm trying to
like verse
and it just will put you in a place
where you can't save it at all what oh
so obviously this is just like almost
like a demo video just to introduce you
guys to this but they also have other
scenarios where you can actually drive
they've got like stunt tracks I mean
it's very early you have to remember
this is an hour for this is really early
but from what I've seen already i can
already envisaged i can make a lot of
videos of various like scenarios driving
with crashing with i believe you can
spawn in vehicles and recreate your own
like crashes oh is it going to stop it
before it gets to the end no then this
is kind of what you saw at the beginning
so yeah you can obviously make your own
setups so you see you can set up
you can set up other vehicles and stuff
and orchestrate accidents I'm gonna be
work working this out and try to make
lots of fun videos with lots of cars
crashing stunt tracks all kind of stuff
and it's it's exciting I mean imagine
what I mean this is why I add at
beginning of the video I said it's gonna
be a game that they're actually making a
game that's called drive but not only
that they're trying to make an engine
which they can then license to other
people who when they are making other
other games will be able to use these
kind of physics in games like imagine a
game like city car driving with these
kind of physics that when you crash then
the car will actually like get destroyed
in a relatively realistic way I mean
maybe this is not totally realistic but
it's the most realistic I've ever seen
okay before I end this video guys I'm
going to do one more you ready for one
more am I going to be able to save at
this time okay go we'll go save it save
it save it oh oh oh come on go forward I
can't say whatever can't save it there
are other views by the way there are
other views like this few okay let's do
it from this for you not they Oh
it's a different vehicle whoa that's
kind of scary from that view isn't it
Wow and I'm kind of impressed with the
graphics like certainly the modeling of
the vehicle is pretty good I think whoa
whoa okay we start that but it's pretty
crazy stuff it's probably going to make
you feel slightly dizzy though from this
for you but I'm just trying to show you
that there are other beings not just
outside of you that I've shown earlier
it's kind of crazy ok guys thanks
watching the video if you have any
specific questions about this please can
you ask me in the comments I i doing
intend on doing a series of videos on
this game so you can look forward to
more so thanks watching this first one
and see you in the next one guys bye bye